# TheOnlineMovieCatalog-app
Web application developed for the university exam in Web Applications and Cloud - Date of Completion: December 2021


# Requirements

The project aims to develop the web application "The Online Movie Catalog," which implements a catalog and ordering system for online movies. The Online Movie Catalog manages the process of organizing movie schedules for multiple online stores and ordering movies within an online video streaming portal. It consists of two main macro-scenarios: - Schedule management - Order management. There are two types of users: shopkeepers and customers. Below are the detailed characteristics of the two introduced macro-scenarios. The first macro-scenario (schedule management) consists of managing movies from catalog publication to sale. Shopkeeper users should be able to connect to the application, modify their data/preferences, and delete themselves. For each shopkeeper, information such as store name, phone number, VAT number, address, reviews, etc., must be managed. Once registered, a shopkeeper can connect to the application and list products for sale by selecting them from a list common to all shopkeepers. This list is to be acquired via The Movie DB portal (https://www.themoviedb.org/) using the REST API access methodology. For each product (movie) for sale, main information such as title, actors, director, genre, and release year must be managed, and there should also be an illustrative photo (poster) whose reference is always available via API. A seller can subsequently connect to the application and modify/delete existing products for which they are responsible. The second scenario (order management) consists of the classic management of customer activities within an online ordering application. Customers should be able to register, modify their data/preferences, and delete themselves. For each user, personal information (e.g., name, surname) and information related to the generated account must be stored. Customers are also associated with information regarding the payment mechanism for products (e.g., credit card or prepaid card). Furthermore, during registration, users can select preferences (including privacy and application-related preferences) for service customization (e.g., special offers on the board for the preferred genre). In this scenario, registered users (minimum 2) can log in to the site, select a movie of interest, add it to the cart, and complete the payment for the movies in the cart. At the time of order payment, the user can choose between two modes: - Perpetual purchase: the purchased movie will always be available among the movies available for the customer's viewing; - Rental: the movie paid for by the customer will be available in the customer's viewable movies for only 72 hours from the day of purchase; thereafter, it will remain in the list but will be indicated as not available for viewing.
